---
title: Carter Swartout
---

**Hi, I'm Carter!**

<img src="../static/me.jpeg" alt="photo of myself" class="small-img">
        
I'm a Computer Science undergraduate in my third year at the **University of
Washington** (UW). I'm passionate about using AI and other technologies to
create a more **intelligent world**.

Currently, I'm an Undergraduate Research Assistant in the Social Computing and
Algorithmic Experiences (<a
href="https://faculty.washington.edu/tmitra/students/">**SCALE**</a>) Lab at
the UW Information School. I'm developing NLP pipelines on high-performance
computing clusters to allow a global research team to investigate biases in
LLMs.

I have designed, implemented, and taught an <a
href="https://interactive-intelligence.github.io/intro-neuro-ai-website/">
**introductory course**</a> on AI and neuroscience at <a
href="https://interactive-intelligence.github.io">**Interactive
Intelligence**</a> (**I2**) over the past three academic quarters, which allows
AI education to be accessible to **any** student at UW.  Our course runs a full
quarter at UW spanning **12 weeks**, and provides the necessary background in
deep learning and neuroscience to become knowledgeable with requisite skill
sets to participate in research and **technical projects**. I've developed
curriculum and lectured to dozens of students, guiding over **30** students to
graduate the course with the opportunity to start **undergraduate research in
AI**.


Over the past year at **I2** I've researched self-improving language models and
have given presentations on numerous AI architectures and technologies. These
include talks on <a href="https://youtu.be/SBhetnU1O_I">**GPT models**</a> and
**Hugging Face**. I've written <a href="https://blog.cswartout.com">**blog
posts**</a> and **Jupyter Notebooks** to accompany these talks.


Before attending the UW, I was a <a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congress-Bundestag_Youth_Exchange">
**Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange**</a> scholar in Germany, as a
representative of the United States in a premier foreign exchange program
facilitated by the US Department of State. After my exchange program, I spent a
year volunteering at my local **food bank** where I ensured families would be
provided food and other resources sorely needed during the pandemic. While
volunteering, I **wrote** on behalf of the food bank in our local paper,
raising awareness on behalf of the organization and **winning awards** for my
contributions to my community.


Please get in touch with me at **swartout**[at]**uw**[dot]**edu** if you'd like
to chat!
